docs(docs/debug.md): debug documentation (#77)
sparckles/starfyre: docs/css_file.md

Reviewer: Hey @SuelenKarbivnychyy 👋 

We shouldn't be documenting what a developer did, rather, we should be documenting *about* the work done by the developer.

We shouldn't using statements like - `This document reflect the accomplished tasks during the MLH 12 weeks Summer Fellowship.`
or 
`These issues were closed by [Suelen Karbivnychhy](https://github.com/SuelenKarbivnychyy)`  or use a particular issue number.

You can have a look here if you need an example of the documentation - https://robyn-docs.vercel.app/documentation

Do let me know if you still have any questions. 😄

# Introduction

> This document reflect the accomplished tasks during the MLH 12 weeks Summer Fellowship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document reflects the accomplished tasks during the 12 weeks of the MLH Summer Fellowship.
```
